This document contains the rules implemented, as well as to be implemented. It also gives an overview of the behavioral structure.

All States:
	1. Avoidance Rules.
		a. A fish flee's in the opposite direction when a scary object comes within range from any side.
		b. A fish turns away from an avoid object when it gets close (Could be oil, floating sand or other non-scary unpleasant objects) 

State 1: Flocking (The usual state for a fish)
	1. Classic Flocking Rules.
		a. Alignment: All fish must move towards the common direction of the group.
		b. Cohesion: All fish must move towards the common centre of the group. 
		c. Seperation: All fish must steer away from other fish within a given range.

	2. Additional Flocking Rules.
		a. A fish should always stay within the given area. 
		b. When in flocking state, but not currently in a group (moving alone), move faster to increase the chance of meeting a group.
		c. When flocking the group should not swim to much along the edges of the area, since this seems unnatural.
		d. When approaching a surface, sometimes alter direction to move along the surface.
		e. Sometimes when looking straight at another fish, switch to its group
		

State 2: Resting (Lying still, or moving slowly) (Entered from: Flocking) (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)
		Entered: After a set amount of exhaustion is reached / Semi Random Time spent / other condition
		a. Search for a place with good resting conditions (shadow/hiding places) (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)
		a. Move slowly with intervals of lying still. (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)

State 3: Playful (Interacting in a playful way with one ore more other playful fish) (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED) (remember to include the seperation rule)
		Entered: After a set amount of playfulness is reached
		a. Move quickly towards other fish (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)
		b. Chase other fish (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)

State 4: Curious (Stay close to and circle around an interesting object)(NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)
State 6: Hungry (Look for food)(NOT YET IMPLEMENTED)


